docs: debug and test ceph manager modules (#11573)
rook/rook: Documentation/Contributing/development-flow.md

* If there are merge conflicts, you will be prompted to fix them before continuing. Read the output closely. It will tell you how to complete the rebase.
* When done rebasing, you will see all of your commits in the history.

### Testing changes and debugging issues in Ceph manager modules

The Ceph manager modules are written in Python and can be individually and dynamically loaded from the manager. We can take advantage of this feature in order to make easier to test changes and to debug issues linked with this kind of module.

> This is just a "trick way" to test/debug quickly and easily any modification in manager modules, but do not replace the right way to do the modification, which is the build of a new Ceph container including your modifications.

Reviewer: If we say it's a hack, I think we can simplify
```suggestion
This is just a hack to test/debug quickly and easily any modification in the manager modules.
```

The ceph dashboard and the rook orchestrator modules are probably the two modules more prone to have modifications affecting the rook cluster, and therefore it is interesting to know how to debug and test changes easily in these modules.

The way to proceed is to make the modification directly in the manager module and reload it:

> 1. Find out what is your active manager pod and shell into it.

Reviewer: This will simplify some of the instructions if we just say to use a single mgr instead of worrying about the active mgr and failing over.
```suggestion
1. Update the cluster so only a single mgr pod is running. Set the `mgr.count: 1` in the CephCluster CR if it is not already.
```

Using the toolbox:
```console
ceph -s
   cluster:
   id:     3b140086-e795-4f26-9018-1d234d7f7c98
   health: HEALTH_OK
   services:
     mon: 3 daemons, quorum a,b,c (age 34m)
     mgr: b(active, since 6h), standbys: a
```

Exit the toolbox and Shell into the active manager container ( in this example, the mgr 'b' instance): 
```console

> kubectl exec -n rook-ceph --stdin --tty $(kubectl get pod -n rook-ceph -l ceph_daemon_type=mgr,instance=b  -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -c mgr  -- /bin/bash

Reviewer: The active mgr would always be `a`
```suggestion
kubectl exec -n rook-ceph --stdin --tty $(kubectl get pod -n rook-ceph -l ceph_daemon_type=mgr,instance=a  -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -c mgr  -- /bin/bash
```

```

2. Make the modifications needed in the required manager module.

The source code of all the manager modules is in:
```console
/usr/share/ceph/mgr/
```

> Enter the folder of the manager module to modify/test and make your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the folder of the manager module to make your changes.
```

> !!! Note

Reviewer: I don't know if the capitalization matters, but just for consistency with other notes
```suggestion
!!! note
```

Author: All the "Note tags" in the document are like "Note". Unfortunately I have seen that the tags "!!! tip" and "!!! Note" we have in the document does not have any "visual" effect when the doc is rendered by github.
I have searched for a solution for remark a note or a tip, but without success.

>     The modifications made are only for test and debug purposes, as soon as the manager pod will be restarted for whatever reason, all the modifications made in the mgr container will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the manager pod is restarted for whatever reason, all the modifications made in the mgr container will be lost.
```

>     Another thing to take into account, a change of the active manager module, implies that the manager pod executing will be different from the modified one. A "ceph mgr fail" command will help you to move again the active manager to the one where your change live.

Reviewer: If we recommend running a single mgr, no need for this point

3. Restart the manager module modified to test/debug the modifications:

> The way to do that is to use again the ceph toolbox and disable/enable the required manager module

Reviewer: If using the plugin, we may not need this line
```suggestion
```

Example for rook manager module
```console

> ceph mgr module disable rook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl rook-ceph ceph mgr module disable rook
kubectl rook-ceph ceph mgr module enable rook
```

ceph mgr module enable rook

```

Once the module is restarted the modifications will be running in the active manager, and you will be able to test/debug them.  

> Is a good practice to have the manager container log always visible to realize immediately any kind of problem in the restart of the module (maybe a syntax error?), and even more important, to have information for debug your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is a good practice to have the manager container log always visible to realize immediately any kind of problem during the restart of the module (maybe a syntax error?), and to debug your changes.
```

This is just a hack to test/debug quickly and easily any modification in the manager modules.

The ceph dashboard and the rook orchestrator modules are probably the two modules more prone to have modifications affecting the rook cluster, and therefore it is interesting to know how to debug and test changes easily in these modules.

The way to proceed is to make the modification directly in the manager module and reload it:

1. Update the cluster so only a single mgr pod is running. Set the `mgr.count: 1` in the CephCluster CR if it is not already.

Now shell into the manager container:
```console
kubectl exec -n rook-ceph --stdin --tty $(kubectl get pod -n rook-ceph -l ceph_daemon_type=mgr,instance=a  -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -c mgr  -- /bin/bash
```

2. Make the modifications needed in the required manager module.

The source code of all the manager modules is in:
```console
/usr/share/ceph/mgr/
```

Enter the folder of the manager module to make your changes.

> !!! Note: If the manager pod is restarted for whatever reason, all the modifications made in the mgr container will be lost.

Reviewer: For the docs rendering, I believe this change is needed
```suggestion
!!! note
   If the manager pod is restarted for whatever reason, all the modifications made in the mgr container will be lost.
```

3. Restart the manager module modified to test/debug the modifications:

> Example for rook manager module

Reviewer: Krew is still fairly new for rook users, so we better include a link
```suggestion
Example for restarting the rook manager module with the [krew plugin](https://github.com/rook/kubectl-rook-ceph):
```

```console
kubectl rook-ceph ceph mgr module disable rook
kubectl rook-ceph ceph mgr module enable rook

> 

Reviewer: nit: extra line
